Fixed the max volume mount default from 7 to 15 (#646)
digitalocean/csi-digitalocean: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

> * Adjusted max volume mounts from 7 to 15

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adjusted default max volume limit per node from 7 to 15.
```
